Poc deanonymize docs (#652)
microsoft/presidio: docs/anonymizer/index.md

        text="My name is Bond, James Bond",
        analyzer_results=[RecognizerResult("PERSON", 11, 15, 0.8),
                          RecognizerResult("PERSON", 17, 27, 0.8)],

>         operators={"PERSON": OperatorConfig("replace", {"new_value": "BIP"})}

Reviewer: I think that the notebook has similar example that needs to be changed

Author: tnx.Changing.

| --- | --- | ---| ---|
| Anonymize | replace | replaces the PII with desired value | `new_value` - replaces existing text with the given value.<br> If `new_value` is not supplied or empty, default behavior will be: <entity_type\> e.g: <PHONE_NUMBER\> |
| Anonymize | redact | removes the PII completely from text | None |
| Anonymize | hash | hash the PII using either sha256, sha512 or md5 | `hash_type` - sets the type of hashing. Can be either `sha256`, `sha512` or `md5`. <br> The default hash type is `sha256`. | 
| Anonymize | mask | replaces the PII with a given character | `chars_to_mask` - the amount of characters out of the PII that should be replaced. <br> `masking_char` - the character to be replaced with. <br> `from_end` - Whether to mask the PII from it's end. |
| Anonymize | encrypt | encrypts the PII using a given key | `key` - a cryptographic key used for the encryption. |
| Deanonymize | decrypt | decrypt the encrypted PII in the text using the encryption key | `key` - a cryptographic key used for the encryption is also used for the decryption. |

!!! note "Note"
    When performing anonymization, if anonymizers map is empty or "DEFAULT" key is not stated, the default

>     anonymizer is "replace" for all entities. The replacing value will be the entity type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    anonymization operator is "replace" for all entities. The replacing value will be the entity type
```

  My name is Inigo Montoya. You Killed my Father. Prepare to die. BTW my number is:
  <PHONE_NUMBER\><SSN\>.

> ## Creating new Operators

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Creating a new `operator`
```
